Ye Xian, why did you come back after your brother died?
Where have you been all these years?
Ye Xian
All the skills maintained have been repaired
Can go down the mountain
But there is one thing to do after going down the mountain
This is a letter borrowed from your brother
He died.
Go back to the village and lose them to love
sister-in-law
This is Ye Xin's hometown, right?
today
I'll let you scum on six boats
Shattered corpse
Ye Xin, get over here
you
Who are we?
Ye Xin, you really play dumb
Oh, it turns out that there is one hidden at home
No wonder you play dumb.
This sister
I told you the truth
This man is a scum on seven boats
What!
Pedal seven boats